README.md, before:

ECMAScript
====


## Current Proposals
ES7+ Proposals follow [this process document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QbEE0BsO4lvl7NFTn5WXWeiEIBfaVUF7Dk0hpPpPDzU).

|🚀| Proposal                                                                                             | Champion      | Stage | Notes
|---|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                 |-------------- | ------|------
| | [Object.observe](https://github.com/arv/ecmascript-object-observe)                                   | Erik Arvidsson     |2      |
| | [Exponentation Operator](https://github.com/rwaldron/exponentiation-operator) | Rick Waldron | 2
| | [Array.prototype.includes](https://github.com/tc39/Array.prototype.includes/) | Domenic Denicola, Rick Waldron | 2
| | [Async Functions](https://github.com/lukehoban/ecmascript-asyncawait)                                |Luke Hoban     |1      |
| | [Parallel JavaScript](http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=strawman:data_parallelism)              |Tatiana Shpeisman, Niko Matsakis     |1      |
| | [Typed Objects](https://github.com/dslomov-chromium/typed-objects-es7)       |Dmitry Lomov, Niko Matsakis   |1
| | [SIMD.JS - SIMD APIs](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1yc2NDzFJ-0yD980URiTcV3oE_2cQDVzXuH4Rss1fG8s/edit?usp=sharing) +  [polyfil](https://github.com/johnmccutchan/ecmascript_simd)| John McCutchan, Peter Jensen | 1
| | [Async Generator](https://github.com/jhusain/asyncgenerator) | Jafar Husain | 1 |
| | [Trailing commas in function call expressions](https://github.com/tc39/tc39-notes/raw/master/es6/2014-09/trailing_comma_proposal.pdf) | Jeff Morrison | 1
| | [Defensible Classes](http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=strawman:defensible_classes) | Mark Miller & Doug Crockford | 0
| | [Relationships](http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=strawman:relationships) | Mark Miller & Waldemar Horwat | 0
|🚀| [String padding](http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=strawman:string_padding) | Kevin Grandon, Rick Waldron & Dave Herman | 0     |
|🚀| [`String.prototype.at`](https://github.com/mathiasbynens/String.prototype.at) | Mathias Bynens & Rick Waldron | 0     |
| | [Structured Clone](https://github.com/dslomov-chromium/ecmascript-structured-clone)       |Dmitry Lomov   |0
| | [Weak References](http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=strawman:weakreferences) | Mark Miller & Dave Herman | 0
|🚀| [Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptors](https://gist.github.com/WebReflection/9353781) | Rick Waldron & Andrea Giammarchi | 0
| | [Rest/Spread Properties](https://github.com/sebmarkbage/ecmascript-rest-spread) | Sebastian Markbage | 0
| | Annex B - HTML Attribute Event Handlers| Allen Wirfs-Brock | 0



🚀 means the champion thinks it's ready to advance but has not yet presented to the committee.


### Contributing New Proposals
If you are a TC39 member representative, just submit a pull request for your proposal.

Ecma TC39 accepts Strawman Proposals from non-member individuals who have accepted the TC39 copyright and patent policies. Currently all ECMAScript related technical work is done by the TC39 RF TG (Royalty Free Task Group), for which the following IPR Policies apply:

  * [TC39 RF Patent Policy](http://www.ecma-international.org/memento/TC39%20policy/Ecma%20Experimental%20TC39%20Royalty-Free%20Patent%20Policy.pdf)
  * [TC39 Software Copyright Policy](http://www.ecma-international.org/memento/TC39%20experimental%20policy.htm) 

If you wish to submit a proposal and are not a representative of a TC39 member, here are the steps you need to take:

  1. Read the  [TC39 process document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QbEE0BsO4lvl7NFTn5WXWeiEIBfaVUF7Dk0hpPpPDzU).
  2. [Register as a TC39 contributor](http://www.ecma-international.org/memento/register_TC39_Royalty_Free_Task_Group.php)
  3. Submit a pull request here for your strawman proposal.

Commit message:

Clarify how to use the TC39 contributor form

README.md, after:

ECMAScript
====


## Current Proposals
ES7+ Proposals follow [this process document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QbEE0BsO4lvl7NFTn5WXWeiEIBfaVUF7Dk0hpPpPDzU).

|🚀| Proposal                                                                                             | Champion      | Stage | Notes
|---|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                 |-------------- | ------|------
| | [Object.observe](https://github.com/arv/ecmascript-object-observe)                                   | Erik Arvidsson     |2      |
| | [Exponentation Operator](https://github.com/rwaldron/exponentiation-operator) | Rick Waldron | 2
| | [Array.prototype.includes](https://github.com/tc39/Array.prototype.includes/) | Domenic Denicola, Rick Waldron | 2
| | [Async Functions](https://github.com/lukehoban/ecmascript-asyncawait)                                |Luke Hoban     |1      |
| | [Parallel JavaScript](http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=strawman:data_parallelism)              |Tatiana Shpeisman, Niko Matsakis     |1      |
| | [Typed Objects](https://github.com/dslomov-chromium/typed-objects-es7)       |Dmitry Lomov, Niko Matsakis   |1
| | [SIMD.JS - SIMD APIs](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1yc2NDzFJ-0yD980URiTcV3oE_2cQDVzXuH4Rss1fG8s/edit?usp=sharing) +  [polyfil](https://github.com/johnmccutchan/ecmascript_simd)| John McCutchan, Peter Jensen | 1
| | [Async Generator](https://github.com/jhusain/asyncgenerator) | Jafar Husain | 1 |
| | [Trailing commas in function call expressions](https://github.com/tc39/tc39-notes/raw/master/es6/2014-09/trailing_comma_proposal.pdf) | Jeff Morrison | 1
| | [Defensible Classes](http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=strawman:defensible_classes) | Mark Miller & Doug Crockford | 0
| | [Relationships](http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=strawman:relationships) | Mark Miller & Waldemar Horwat | 0
|🚀| [String padding](http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=strawman:string_padding) | Kevin Grandon, Rick Waldron & Dave Herman | 0     |
|🚀| [`String.prototype.at`](https://github.com/mathiasbynens/String.prototype.at) | Mathias Bynens & Rick Waldron | 0     |
| | [Structured Clone](https://github.com/dslomov-chromium/ecmascript-structured-clone)       |Dmitry Lomov   |0
| | [Weak References](http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=strawman:weakreferences) | Mark Miller & Dave Herman | 0
|🚀| [Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptors](https://gist.github.com/WebReflection/9353781) | Rick Waldron & Andrea Giammarchi | 0
| | [Rest/Spread Properties](https://github.com/sebmarkbage/ecmascript-rest-spread) | Sebastian Markbage | 0
| | Annex B - HTML Attribute Event Handlers| Allen Wirfs-Brock | 0



🚀 means the champion thinks it's ready to advance but has not yet presented to the committee.


### Contributing New Proposals
If you are a TC39 member representative, just submit a pull request for your proposal.

Ecma TC39 accepts Strawman Proposals from non-member individuals who have accepted the TC39 copyright and patent policies. Currently all ECMAScript related technical work is done by the TC39 RF TG (Royalty Free Task Group), for which the following IPR Policies apply:

  * [TC39 RF Patent Policy](http://www.ecma-international.org/memento/TC39%20policy/Ecma%20Experimental%20TC39%20Royalty-Free%20Patent%20Policy.pdf)
  * [TC39 Software Copyright Policy](http://www.ecma-international.org/memento/TC39%20experimental%20policy.htm) 

If you wish to submit a proposal and are not a representative of a TC39 member, here are the steps you need to take:

  1. Read the  [TC39 process document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QbEE0BsO4lvl7NFTn5WXWeiEIBfaVUF7Dk0hpPpPDzU).
  2. [Register as a TC39 contributor](http://www.ecma-international.org/memento/register_TC39_Royalty_Free_Task_Group.php) (it is not necessary to submit the contribution as attachment to the form)
  3. Submit a pull request here for your strawman proposal.
